firemaking,66;mining,72;construction,35;agility,68
my arm's big adventure,swan song,cold war, romeo & juliet
bucket,1;rope,1;pickaxe,1;saw,1;hammer,1;bolt of cloth,1;mahogany plank,5;cadava berry,1
Talk to Burntmeat (2,2).
[m] Burntmeat is in the troll stronghold kitchen (stairs to south).
Talk to My Arm (2,2).
[m] My Arm is by the herb patch on the roof of the stronghold.
Talk to Larry at the Polar Hunter area (2,1).
[m] Take fairy ring DKS and run west.
Talk to Larry again (3).
Board the boat.
Talk to My Arm.
Attempt to mine the cave entrance.
Climb up the rockslides nearby and use a rope on the tree.
[m] You must boost to 68 agility for this step.
[m] Search the wrecked boat for rope and a pickaxe.
Climb the rope and cross the ledge.
Climb the last rockslide and pass the fallen tree.
Talk to Boulder (2).
Sneak in via the broken fence just east.
Go south along the city's edge, then west.
[m] Once you reach a small alleyway, recover your run energy if necessary.
Run along the western wall then zigzag north until you reach the hole in the ground to enter the mine.
Quickly go south through the narrow gap near the body of water.
[m] This gap acts as a checkpoint should you be knocked out again.
Empty your hands and swim further into the cave while avoiding the troll's stones.
Create a straight five tile path with the rocks the final troll throws starting from the edge of the water.
[m] Click one tile south as soon as the throwing animation starts until the path is finished.
Mine the cave entrance.
Talk to Mother (3).
After Snowflake leaves, pick all possible options (1,1,1,1).
Talk to My Arm (1,1,2,4,2).
Talk to the Wise Old Man in Draynor Village (1,2,2).
Build the coffin next to the Wise Old Man.
Speak to the Apothecary in Varrock.
Pick chat option "Talk about Making Friends with My Arm."
Talk to Wise Old Man (1).
Pick up the coffin.
Return to Weiss by traveling with Larry's boat.
Talk to My Arm.
Talk to Odd Mushroom (1).
Talk to Snowflake (1).
Fight Don't Know What.
[m] Use protect from range and damage him with melee or range.
Fight Mother.
[m] Activate protect from range.
Grab a bucket from the pile and use it on the large barrel of water.
Use the bucket of water on the Fire of Domination.
[m] Use range and stay out of melee range to avoid prayer-draining stun.
Talk to My Arm.
Talk to Wise Old Man (1).
Pick up some goat dung in the north-east building.
[m] Buckets of water can be found inside and emptied.
Talk to Snowflake.
Read the Weiss fire notes Snowflake gives you.
Talk to Snowflake.
